Elder Wu is just a moment low peak
Lost eight games in a row
If you bow your head and give in now
In the future, I can worship Haotian Ancestor as the first army
You can stop thinking about this.
In my eyes
There is only one Xianjun
Fifth, the disciples of the whole body refer to Qingyun Xianjun as the main one
We are inherited by Qingyun Xianjun
I am only loyal to Qingyun Xianjun in this life
ignorance
The Long Road
Throughout the world, only the ancestor of Haotian is expected to reach the top
You women have no way out but to submit
Since you don't play well
Then don't blame my men for being ruthless
Lin Yan
Who are you going to challenge next?
I choose his fifth red senior sister Ye Hongyu
Do you dare to come up?
deserve to die
Let me up!
I haven't lost yet
This is the senior sister of the fifth peak
How dare you say anything about orthodox inheritance when you are so weak?
How long has Qingyun Xianjun been dead?
Now the ancestor of Haotian is the sky of Qingyun Sword Sect
I have broken through the seventh realm
Five Peaks, here I come